{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green19\blue26;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs28 \cf2 An interactive installation by Oana Suteu Khintirian and Navid Navab.\
\
Threads reveals memory as a blueprint of a sensation, volatile and ephemeral in its nature, yet enduring when it encounters paper. \
\
This performative installation, transmutes the acts of reading and writing into an intricate play of sensations. Every movement, every sound modulates another in immediate vibrational relations. Gestures stimulate objects into sound, agitating the materiality of paper. Drop-spindles suspended in mid-air hold hand-written paper threads, a transcription of correspondence from the artists\'92 personal collections.\
\
Threads draws rythms from its participants as well as its surrounding environment, reenacting memories in resonance.\
\
OANA SUTEU KHINTIRIAN\
Oana\'92s work encompasses films, multi-channel video installations, media scenography and, more recently, interactivity. It focuses on movement as well as on the human body and its correlation with the environmental elements, structures and dynamics. Threads is part of a developing a body of work that deals with the relationship between paper and memory in the digital era.\
\
Oana\'92s films have screened in international film festivals around the world and she participated in exhibitions at the Museum of Contemporary Arts, Montreal, Kunstlerhaus Mousonturm, Frankfurt and Image Forum, Tokyo, among others.\
\
A professional filmmaker and editor for over two decades, she lives and works between Montreal and Paris.\
\
khintirian.com\
\
NAVID NAVAB\
Navid Navab is a Montreal-based Alkemist, composer/improvisor, and media artist. Interested in the poetics of gesture, materiality, and embodiment, his work explores the social lives of objects and the enrichment of their inherent performative qualities. Navid uses gestures, rhythms and vibrations from everyday life as basis for real-time sound generation, resulting in augmented acoustical-poetry that enchants improvisational and pedestrian movements.\
\
His works, which range from gestural sound compositions to responsive architecture, site specific interventions, theatrical interactive installations, interactive scenographies, and improv-based performances, have been presented at various museums, festivals, and events worldwide.\
\
navidnavab.net}